doc: clarify de-duplication of pager duty alert (#906)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/observability/how_to_guides/alerts_pagerduty.mdx

![PagerDuty Integration Key Location](./static/pager_duty.png)

### Step 3: Configure LangSmith Alert with PagerDuty
:::info

> LangSmith deduplicates alerts by alert rule, trace project, and hourly time bucket. This helps reduce noise and avoid duplicate incidents within the same context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive the same alert again within an hour of it being triggered, you must resolve the active incident created by the alert in PagerDuty.
```

- Verify the Integration Key is entered correctly in LangSmith
- Ensure the PagerDuty service is active and not in maintenance mode
- Check that your PagerDuty account has Events API v2 enabled

> - Check if the alerts was within the 1 hour window from previous trigger and filtered by deduplication 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If an alert trigger appears to be missing in PagerDuty, check whether the expected trigger occurred within one hour of a previous trigger from the same alert rule, and whether the incident created by the previous alert is still open.
```
